To improve performance, skip validating subschemas in oneOf / anyOf if formData is undefined (#2676)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: CHANGELOG.md

# v4.0.2 (upcoming)

## @rjsf/core

> - For performance, skip validating subschemas if formData is undefined (#2676)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To improve performance, skip validating subschemas in oneOf / anyOf if formData is undefined (#2676)
```

Reviewer: Can you make this change? I don't have access to edit. Thanks!
